added subnet module (#34)
Energinet-DataHub/geh-terraform-modules: azure/subnet/README.md

# Azure Subnet

- [Resources Created](#resources-created)
- [Prerequisites](#prerequisites)
- [Arguments and defaults](#arguments-and-defaults)
- [Usage](#usage)
- [Outputs](#outputs)

## Resources Created

This module creates the following resources.

- [Azure Subnet](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/azurerm/latest/docs/resources/subnet)

## Prerequisites

- Terraform version 1.0.6+
- AzureRM provider version 2.70.0+

## Arguments and defaults

| Name | Type | Default | Required | Description |
|-|-|-|-|-|

> | `name` | `string` | | **Required** | Specifies the name of the Function App. Changing this forces a new resource to be created. The final name of the resource will follow this syntax `appi-{var.name}-${var.project_name}-${var.environment_short}-${var.environment_instance}` and be in lowercase. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `name` | `string` | | **Required** | Specifies the name of the Subnet. Changing this forces a new resource to be created. The final name of the resource will follow this syntax `snet-${var.name}-${var.project_name}-${var.environment_short}-${var.environment_instance}` and be in lowercase. |
```

| `project_name` | `string` | | **Required** | Name of the project this infrastructure is a part of. |
| `environment_short` | `string` | | **Required** | The short value name of your environment. |
| `environment_instance` | `string` | | **Required** |  The instance number of your environment. |

> | `resource_group_name` | `string` | | **Required** | The name of the Resource Group in which the API Management Service should be exist. Changing this forces a new resource to be created. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `resource_group_name` | `string` | | **Required** | The name of the Resource Group in which the Subnet should be exist. Changing this forces a new resource to be created. |
```
